I aim to be an IT engineer. As a student at the University of York (UoY, UK) and the University of Electro-Communications (UEC, Japan), I have studied a lot about Computer Science. After gaining the master's degree at UoY in January 2021, I started looking for a job.

At UoY and UEC, I have studied a wide range of theories in Computer Science, including evolutionary computation, quantum information, data mining, and deep learning. Particularly, I have been interested in quantum computing since I was an undergraduate, and I have been studying this field even after graduating from the University of York. By using Python, C, and Java, I have also implemented these theories I have learned. Outside the curriculum, I have acquired knowledge about R, TensorFlow, Unity, and SQL by myself, and have experimented with them on my personal computer. I had worked as a part-time tutor for totally about 3 years and taught roughly 20 teenagers about English and STEM subjects. This experience established teaching, organization, and problem-solving skills, which are now one of my advantages. At the University of Electro-Communications, I demonstrated leadership by leading the university basketball team as a vice-captain. I have participated in inter-college basketball games and the baking society at the University of York, and inter-cultural interactions with many kinds of people all around the world have developed my communication skill. I look forward to showing these practical and theoretical abilities and employability skills in the future workplace.

To reach me, please visit my LinkedIn account => https://www.linkedin.com/in/yasuaki-nakayama-profile/
